Docs: Refactor Reproducible Builds page (Diátaxis) (#10030)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/guides/reproducible-builds.rst

Reproducible Builds
===================

Your documentation depends on a number of dependencies to be built.

> If your docs don't have reproducible builds,

Reviewer: Added :)

an update in a dependency can break your builds when least expected,
or make your docs look different from your local version.
This guide will help you to keep your builds working over time,
so that you can focus on content.

.. contents:: Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 3

Use a ``.readthedocs.yaml`` configuration file
----------------------------------------------

We recommend using a :doc:`configuration file </config-file/v2>` to manage your documentation.
Our config file *provides you per version settings*,
and *those settings live in your Git repository*.

This allows you to validate changes using :doc:`pull requests </pull-requests>`,
and ensures versions build the same over time.

Use a requirements file for Python dependencies
-----------------------------------------------

> We recommend using a Pip :ref:`pip:requirements-file-format` or Conda :ref:`Environment file <config-file/v2:conda.environment>` to pin Python dependencies.
> This allows you to ensure that top-level dependencies and extensions don't change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using a Pip :ref:`requirements file <pip:requirements-file-format>` or Conda :ref:`environment file <config-file/v2:conda.environment>` to pin Python dependencies.
This ensures that top-level dependencies and extensions don't change.
```

          # via sphinx
      urllib3==1.26.13
          # via requests

Conclusion
-----------

If you followed this guide,
you have pinned:

* tool versions (Python, Node)
* top-level dependencies (Sphinx, Sphinx extensions)
* transitive dependencies (Pytz, Jinja2)

This will ensure your builds don't fail because of a random tool or dependency update.
You do still need to ensure you're upgrading your dependencies from time to time,
but you can do it on your own schedule.

.. seealso::

   :doc:`/config-file/v2`

>     Configuration File Reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Configuration file reference
```

Noting for later to add something in our glossary / style guide here, too. I think we should call this "configuration file" but even better add `.readthedocs.yaml`.
